Week 144: JUST REBUS ALONE


This Week's Contest is to come up with a rebus: a phrase or sentence composed of letters, pictures and symbols. You may draw your entry or use cut-out pictures, but it must contain at least two pictures or illustrations from today's Washington Post. Include a translation of the rebus. First-prize winner gets a pair of life-size Lucite legs suitable for modeling pantyhose, a value of $ 30.

Runners-up, as always, get the coveted Style Invitational losers' T-shirts. Honorable mentions get the mildly sought-after Style Invitational bumper stickers. Winners will be selected on the basis of humor and originality. Mail your entries to the Style Invitational, Week 144, The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071; fax them to 202-334-4312; or submit them via the Internet to this address: losersaccess.digex.net. Internet users: Please indicate the appropriate Week Number in the "subject" field. Entries must be received on or before Tuesday, Dec. 26. Please include your address and phone number. Winners will be announced in three weeks. Editors reserve the right to alter entries for taste, appropriateness or humor. No purchase necessary. The Faerie of the Fine Print & The Ear No One Reads wishes to thank Jean Sorensen of Herndon for today's Ear No One Reads. Employees of The Washington Post and their immediate families are not eligible for prizes. 

Report from Week 141, in which we asked you to supply questions to any of 12 "Jeopardy!" answers.

A special mention to Elden Carnahan of Laurel, who labored mightily to produce 15 anagrams for the answer "Betty Rodham Boop," (including "My Patoo Throbbed" and "Drop th' Meaty Boob") but who failed to notice that another of our answers, "Wet Hogs in Hot Pants," was an anagram for "The Washington Post." Alas, anyone who figured that out would have won a 1996 Packard Bell desktop computer with 16 megabytes of random access memory. It now becomes the property of The Czar.

Fourth Runner-Up -- Answer: A Toothbrush, a Comb and a Ball Peen Hammer. Question: What gifts were brought for baby Jesus by the three not-so-wise men? (Allen Rostron, New York)

Third Runner-Up -- Answer: An Aspirin Tablet and Diana, Princess of Wales. Question: What are two bitter white things? (Anthony Cooper, Alexandria; Ellen Lamb, Washington)

Second Runner-Up -- Answer: (pic of Hobbes). Who is spending all of his free time these days practicing the line "They're grrrrrreat!"? (Meg Sullivan, Potomac)

First Runner-Up -- Answer: The Tenor Luciano Buttafuoco. Question: Who sang "Gigoletto"? (Tom Witte, Gaithersburg)

And the winner of the rubber Walter Mondale mask:

Answer: Larry S Truman. Question: Who said, "If you can't stand the heat, take off your sweater"? (Mark Goldenberg, Washington)

Answer: An Aspirin Tablet and Diana, Princess of Wales

What are two things that are hard to get past a gag reflex? (Ellen Lamb, Washington)

What was the original, failed title to the fairy tale "The Princess and the Pea"? (Steve Offutt, Arlington)

Name two things that are readily available but hard to swallow. (Sarah Shalf and the math department at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill)

Answer: A Toothbrush, a Comb and a Ball Peen hammer

Name the instruments you need to do your teeth, hair and nails. (Robert K. Durkee, Princeton, N.J.)

What did female aides pack for overnight business trips with Bob Packwood? (Paul Kondis, Alexandria)

What are three things that would be of no use to you if you were dead? (Mike Connaghan, Gaithersburg)

Answer: St. Augustine of Hippo, but Not Fat Joe Waldholtz

Whose confessions will still be worth a few bucks a year from now? (Robert K. Durkee, Princeton, N.J.; Charlie Steinhice, Chattanooga, Tenn. )

Answer: Mailbombs and Broomsticks

What precedes "and blisters on kittens" in the evil version of "My Favorite Things"? (Sarah Worcester, Bowie)

What does Mrs. Unabomber keep in that little space between the fridge and cabinets? (Kevin Cuddihy, Fairfax)

Answer: Larry S Truman

After next year's SAT recentering, what is an acceptable answer to "Who was the 33rd president"? (James Christopher, Durham, N.C.)

Who was famous for the phrase "The Nyuck Stops Here"? (Jennifer Hart, Arlington)

Answer: The Tenor Luciano Buttafuoco

Who introduced to opera the concept of contrapuntal belches? (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)

Who agreed to perform free at Lincoln Center because he thought the concert was at Amy Fisher Hall? (Stephen Dudzik, Silver Spring)

Who can shatter a beer mug with a high note? (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)

What is David Letterman's top reason for not going to the opening of the Long Island Opera? (Joseph Romm, Washington)

Whose contract provides for cases of Blatz beer and Slim-Jims in his dressing room? (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)

Answer: Ace Ventura and the Hon. William Rehnquist

Who are two personalities unlikely to have fragrances named after them? (Sarah Worcester, Bowie)

Who are the stars of the movie "Dumb and Strict Constructionist"? (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)

Answer: Betty Rodham Boop

What is Hillary's alias in the America Online "Spank Me" chat room? (Paul Styrene, Olney)

Answer: Twelve Angry Mennonites

How many people were in the Million Mennonite March? (Hint: The National Park Service's official estimate was "two.") (Jennifer Hart, Arlington)

Answer: Wet Hogs in Hot PantsWhat is worse than wet hogs? (Jerry Podlesak, Arlington)

Answer: Monstrous Pillars of Interstellar Gas

What did the Hubble telescope discover around Uranus? (Elden Carnahan, Laurel; Richard L. Wong, Arlington)

