WEEK 148: THE RORSCHACH OF THE CROWD IV


This Week's Contest: Interpret these inkblots. Choose one or more. If you rotate an image, make sure you tell us which side is up. First-prize winner gets a four-foot plastic blowup doll of "The Scream" by Edvard Munch, a $ 40 value.

Runners-up, as always, get the coveted Style Invitational losers' T-shirts. Honorable mentions get the mildly sought-after Style Invitational bumper stickers. Winners will be selected on the basis of humor and originality. Mail your entries to the Style Invitational, Week 148, The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071, fax them to 202-334-4312 or submit them via the Internet to this address: losersaccess.digex.net. Internet users: Please indicate the appropriate week number in the "subject" field. Entries must be received on or before Monday, Jan. 22. Please include your address and phone number. Winners will be announced in three weeks. Editors reserve the right to alter entries for taste, appropriateness or humor. No purchase necessary. The Faerie of the Fine Print & the Ear No One Reads wishes to thank Russell Beland of Springfield for today's Ear No One Reads. Employees of The Washington Post and their immediate families are not eligible for prizes. 

Report from Week 145, in which we asked you to come up with cutesy-poo signs for the doors of public bathrooms.

Fourth Runner-Up: At a transvestite bar -- (Men and Women, but the illustrations are reversed) (Jim Tierney, Fairfax Station)

Third Runner-Up: At the West Virginia chapter of Mensa -- Menz and Wimmin. (Kurt Rabin, Fredericksburg; Sarah Worcester, Bowie)

Second Runner-Up: At the Sigmund Freud Museum -- Cigars and Ashtrays (Jean and Bob Sorensen, Herndon)

First Runner-Up: At a Catskills resort -- Ladies and Germs (Jonathan Paul, Garrett Park)

And the Winner of the shoe totes from the Burning Tree golf and country club:

At the Burning Tree club: Men and Exit (Susan Reese, Arlington)

Honorable Mentions:

At the Headquarters of the National Organization for Women -- Co-Equals and Misogynistic Loud-Mouthed Exploitive Chauvinistic Co-Equals (Tommy Litz, Bowie)

At a Barry Manilow concert -- Women and Women (Tom Witte, Gaithersburg)

At Microsoft -- 0 and 1 (Elden Carnahan, Laurel; Jonathan Paul, Garrett Park; Robert Hershey, Washington)

At Frank Sinatra's House -- Men and Two-Bit Hookers (Helene Haduch, Washington)

At RFK Stadium -- Men and Line Forms Here (Tom Neven, Spotsylvania, Va.)

At the "Hooked on Phonics" headquarters -- Buouiz and Geurlz (William J. Szymanski, Vienna)

At the Palm -- Trophy and Atrophy (Jerry Podlesak, Arlington)

At the offices of the Cellmark DNA testing labs -- (a lot of vertical lines for each, in different patterns) (Kevin Mellema, Falls Church)

At Jack Kent Cooke's House -- Mine and Mine (Jacki Drucker, Arlington)

In Hell -- Prostate Problems and Bladder Infections (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)

At the Office of Management and Budget -- (two doors; each sign says "Out of order, use other door") (Tommy Litz, Bowie)

At an adult movie theater -- Women and 25 Cents Per View (Robin D. Grove, Washington)

At a singles bar -- Professional Attractive and Stable SF, and Professional Attractive and Stable SM (Sue Lin Chong, Washington)

At Hooters: Men and Employees (Roger Hall, Harrisonburg, Va.)

At a kindergarten: Christophers and Kimberlys (Annie Wauters, Washington)

At Mama Leone's: Large, Chunky White Gold Pinkie Rings and Three-Carat Emerald Cuts With Two Side Baguettes (Annie Wauters, Washington)

On the set of "Geraldo": Men Who Were Once Women, and Women Who Were Once Men (Mark Piotrowski, Arlington)

At the Arkansas Jewish home for the aged: Bubbas and Bubbes (Jonathan M. Kaye, Washington)

And Last:

At the National Organization for Women: Men and Women

(There is nothing "funny" about gender stereotyping in any form, including so-called "humor" in newspaper "contests.")

(Joseph Romm, Washington)

Next Week: It's Like This