Week 255: Scandal in the Wind  


This week's contest: Each of these items is somehow related to the current presidential scandal. Tell us how. Choose one or more than one. First-prize winner gets a vintage decorative rug featuring Elvis wearing a lei. It is worth $ 25.

First runner-up gets the tacky but estimable Style Invitational Loser Pen. Other runners-up receive the coveted Style Invitational Loser T-shirt. Honorable Mentions get the mildly sought-after Style Invitational bumper sticker. Winners will be selected on the basis of humor and originality. Mail your entries to the Style Invitational, Week 255, c/o The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071; fax them to 202-334-4312; or submit them via the Internet to this address: losersaccess.digex.net. Internet users: Please indicate the week number in the "subject" field. Entries must be received on or before Monday, Feb. 9. Please include your address and phone number. Winners will be announced three weeks from today. Editors reserve the right to alter entries for taste, humor or appropriateness. No purchase necessary. The elephant's known for her nose / And not at all for her ear / Which this week is Dick Furno's / From Silver Spring, and here. Next Week: Hunter Thompson ear credit. Employees of The Washington Post, and members of their immediate families, are not eligible for prizes. 

Report from Week 252, in which you were asked to identify celebrities who were the secret inspirations for famous movies.

As always in weeks with a giant reader response (more than 30,000 entries) we may have inadvertently overlooked some entries that were similar or identical to ones chosen as winners. If you feel cheated, please send us a stamped self-addressed envelope containing a naked photograph of yourself. Several good ideas were too popular to reward with prizes, including "Face/Off" (Michael Jackson), "Father of the Bride" (Woody Allen) and "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" (Marv Albert).

Fifth Runner-Up: "The Curse of the Fly" -- Bill Clinton (Mary Lee Fox Roe, Mount Kisco, N.Y.)

Fourth Runner-Up: "Flubber" -- Gerald Ford (Harold Mantle, Darnestown)

Third Runner-Up: "The Naked and the Dead" -- Bill Clinton and Al Gore (Ed Harvey, Ashburn, Va.)

Second Runner-Up: "Mame" -- Ted Kaczynski (Meg Sullivan, Potomac)

First Runner-Up: "8 1/2" -- Bo Derek, now. (Sheila and Emmitt Rorqual, Arlington; Mikko Aurela, Arlington)

And the winner of the Frosted Flakes:

"Intruder in the Dust" -- M. Larry Lawrence (Charlie Steinhice, Chattanooga)

Honorable Mentions:

"Once Upon a Time . . . When We Were Colored" -- Michael Jackson (Joyce Rains, Bethesda)

"The Rack" -- Pamela Anderson Lee (Jonathan Paul, Garrett Park)

"Old Yeller" -- John McLaughlin (Steve Fahey, Kensington; Paul Kraft, Bethesda)

"Hide in Plain Sight" -- Saddam Hussein (Jennifer Hart, Arlington)

"Little Shop of Horrors" -- Kathie Lee Gifford (Jeff Taylor, Germantown)

"Boyz N the Hood" -- Marlene Cooke (Steve Fahey, Kensington)

"Room With a View" -- Frank Gifford (Jennifer Hart, Arlington)

"How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying" -- Hillary Rodham Clinton (Tony Hope, Washington; Tom Witte, Gaithersburg; Marcia Asquith, Washington)

"Home Alone" -- Kathie Lee Gifford (Rob Dwyer, Springfield)

"Topper" -- Mrs. Al Gore (Dan Quayle, Indianapolis; Russ Beland and Maureen Flaherty, Springfield)

"Citizen Kane" -- Michael Fay (Bob Dalton, Beaumont, Tex.)

"The Tip Off" -- John Wayne Bobbitt (Mary Lee Fox Roe, Mt. Kisco, N.Y.)

"You Only Live Twice" -- Elvis (Russ Beland, Springfield)

"Rocky" -- Frank and Kathie Lee Gifford (David Genser, Arlington)

"Five Easy Pieces" -- The Spice Girls (Phil Frankenfeld, Washington; Cynthia Coe and Ray Aragon, Bethesda)

"The Manchurian Candidate" -- Al Gore (Maureen Flaherty and Russ Beland, Springfield)

"Dances With Wolves" -- Paula Jones (Kelli Midgely Biggs, Columbia)

"The Incredible Mr. Limpet" -- John Wayne Bobbitt (Jennifer Hart, Arlington)

"There's a Girl in My Soup" -- Jeff Dahmer (Stephen Dudzik, Silver Spring; Charlie Steinhice, Chattanooga)

"Bent" -- Bill Clinton (Paula Jones, Little Rock; Sarah Worcester, Bowie)

"The Flash" -- Sharon Stone (Jonathan Paul, Garrett Park)

"Honey, I Blew Up the Kids" -- Yasser Arafat (Jeff Chostner, Burke)

"M*A*S*H" -- Bob Packwood (Tom Witte, Gaithersburg)

"Sleeping With the Enemy" -- James Carville and Mary Matalin (Joseph Romm, Washington; David Genser, Arlington)

"Flat Top" -- Kate Moss (Mary Lee Fox Roe, Mt. Kisco, N.Y.)

"Romancing the Stone" -- Tipper Gore (Bob Dalton, Beaumont, Tex.)

"I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings" -- Susan McDougal (Mary Lee Fox Roe, Mount Kisco, N.Y.)

"The Wiz" -- June Allyson (Rich Allen, Gaithersburg)

"Tootsie" -- Dick Morris (Elden Carnahan, Laurel)

"They Died With Their Boots On" -- Michael Kennedy and Sonny Bono (Paul Kraft, Bethesda)

"The Parent Trap" -- Lyle and Eric Menendez (Paul Kraft, Bethesda)

"Howards End" -- Howard Stern (Paul Kraft, Bethesda)

"Enter the Dragon" -- Camille Barnett (Jim Rooks, Bethesda)

"They Saved Hitler's Brain" -- Saddam Hussein (David Genser, Arlington)

"Hackers" -- Those seven cigarette company executives (Bob Dalton, Beaumont, Tex.)

"Last Tango in Paris" -- Di and Dodi (Holly Schotz, Clarksville)

Next Week: It's a Pity