{"channels":[{"id":"B01","name":"Abstract length","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much unusually long, multi-paragraph, or verbally expansive prose is present? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"surface-only","mixed":false,"rationale":"Length can alter attention and representation while carrying no intrinsic evidence of merit. R01 and R17 contain especially extended multi-stage descriptions."},{"id":"B02","name":"Markup residue","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much LaTeX, boldface, footnote, URL, line-break, or other formatting residue is visible? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"surface-only","mixed":false,"rationale":"Formatting artifacts can trigger stylistic associations without describing technical substance. R05 includes a footnote, while R25 and R37 visibly retain specialized markup."},{"id":"B03","name":"Acronym branding","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much acronym-heavy naming, coined terminology, or branded method language is present? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"author's practice in the format","mixed":true,"rationale":"Authors practiced in conference conventions may package ideas with memorable names, which can affect textual salience independently of merit; that practice may also accompany genuine expertise. R02 uses SSPINNpose, while R24 and R51 use several branded components."},{"id":"B04","name":"Benchmark arithmetic","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much the abstract foregrounds exact percentages, metric values, margins, speedups, counts, or leaderboard-style comparisons? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"venue incentive structure","mixed":true,"rationale":"Competitive evaluation culture can encourage conspicuous numerical claims that attract attention without establishing broad merit, while also motivating more careful experimentation. R02 and R45 foreground many exact figures, and R58 emphasizes a large percentage improvement."},{"id":"B05","name":"Formalism density","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much dense mathematical notation, theorem terminology, asymptotic language, or formal optimization vocabulary is present? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"disciplinary community and writing style","mixed":true,"rationale":"Disciplinary style can make text appear technically authoritative without the notation itself proving substance; formal training may also support genuinely rigorous work. R04 uses regret notation, R37 discusses Weyl's Theorem, and R39 uses extensive norm and optimization terminology."},{"id":"B06","name":"Artifact signaling","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much the abstract mentions code, data, demos, repositories, open sourcing, or public availability? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"author's familiarity with submission and artifact conventions","mixed":true,"rationale":"Artifact language can function as a reproducibility signal even when the text gives no evidence about the artifacts themselves; artifact-oriented practice can also support real reproducibility. R01 mentions code and data, while R13 and R51 mention released resources."},{"id":"B07","name":"Fashion-topic vocabulary","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much vocabulary associated with currently fashionable themes such as LLMs, multimodality, agents, alignment, or foundation models is present? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"audience and field fashion","mixed":false,"rationale":"Topic fashion can change textual familiarity and salience without changing the underlying contribution. R03 and R26 use extensive multimodal-LLM terminology, while R53 centers alignment and jailbreak language."},{"id":"B08","name":"Copyedited fluency","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much standardized copyedited fluency is visible through consistent grammar, parallel syntax, smooth transitions, and uniform professional phrasing? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"editing or writing assistance","mixed":true,"rationale":"Editing or assistance can produce a polished surface that is mistaken for substance, while clearer editing may also improve genuine communication. R06 and R40 use highly uniform polished exposition, and R54 maintains consistently formal prose across a broad motivation."},{"id":"B09","name":"Deadline-compression residue","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much uneven detail, abrupt compression, dangling explanation, local grammatical error, or placeholder text suggest hurried assembly? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"submission timing","mixed":true,"rationale":"Deadline pressure can leave visible assembly residue that affects textual processing independently of the underlying work, and it can also affect the work itself. R49 contains a conspicuous placeholder, while R38 has local grammatical irregularities and R01 compresses several technical transitions unevenly."},{"id":"B10","name":"Late-riff framing","instruction":"On a 0-10 scale, how much the abstract assumes a settled conversation and presents a narrow contrastive refinement rather than introducing the problem from scratch? Judge only extent, not whether the feature is good or evidence of quality.","upstream_parent":"position in the entry stream","mixed":false,"rationale":"A late-arriving entry in a crowded container might leave a textual fingerprint of compressed background, repeated field framing, and a narrowly differentiated hook; the fingerprint is not actual position or merit. R28 and R43 use dense contrastive positioning, while R58 assumes extensive prior prompt-optimization context."}]}